The origin of my vascular system, the periphery, is also strongly
integrated into the vitelline system.
At the same time, I have my amniotic cavity.
At the same time, I have this amniotic cavity which is initially as large as my vitelline vesicle.
The embryo will grow enormously, will lengthen.
And there, we see, look how the importance of this cavity comes to integrate all my
vitelline system.
You see, it completely wraps around.
And that's the movement.
that I want us to work on today.
It's in this movement that, you see, this whole vitelline system
resorbs towards the center of the embryo, you see.
It's this whole movement that it reintegrates.
And so, it's this amniotic cavity, this zone B, as I call it,
in relation to my aortic system, which re-aspirates everything towards the center,
both on a transverse abdominal and thoracic plane.
Little by little, growth.
The establishment of the heart with the enormous growth of the brain, the
movement, this time, of my amniotic cavity, you see, which completely takes everything.
take.
It will take up all the space of what we call the external coelom.
Only a part of this internal coelom will be integrated into an internal coelom.
You see, this amniotic cavity, in fact, it will stop, but we will see that it will still grow, grow, grow.
And you see, the more it grows, the more this integrates.
Look again here.
This is the summary on two slides of all the integration
of your arterial system,
that is, the integration of your arterial system from the periphery to the center,
that is, cephalization which leads to cardialization,
which leads to diaphragmatization, hepatization, and so it's all the enrollment.
like this, the head is here and there I have my amniotic cavity and the amniotic cavity
what does it do? It does this, look at the drawing, you come back to my hand, look at the drawing, you come back to my hand, it will completely integrate all of that, so it will redefine and in this phase, both like this and like this, I have the construction of my zone B and so it's as if the vitelline vesicle which contained the primitive information on the venous plane does this
at the same time as the outside does this.
And the combination of the two reintegrates my venous system inside.
The secret is to bring the fluids back to the center,
that it is the facial system that is preponderant for the release.
Third thing, my vitelline vesicle contains a great source of information
and this is the movement of integration of both the external coelom into an internal coelom.
neural tube closure and all the integration and all the movement that comes to reintegrate
towards the center and all the construction here that is given by my cavity.
So what we are going to do is restore this cavity, restore this zone B to
reintegrate your circulation inside.
Here I have arranged the slide to put it as if I had a person lying here, lying down.
The diagram, you just have to turn it over compared to the film.
In blue here.
This will be the integration into a neural tube and the rest will form the skin
here, you see, which is an ectodermal layer.
Then, at the same time that I have this movement, I have the integration of my vitelline vesicle
to form a part that we will call the digestive system.
But at the same time, I have all the integration of my venous system.
The movement to follow for us is a movement that develops around with
my amniotic cavity.
here as it grows and then at some point there is a fusion that will take place to form the
longitudinal part of the digestive tract and here the integration I have drawn it in yellow
here
to show the integration of the external coelom into an internal coelom
future where this will join
on the median line like this so I have at the same time the big engine for all this it's my
notochordal system which influences my tube
which organizes my primitive aortic vascular system which redirects all
the information with
the gradual integration of this whole transverse system from the periphery
to the center
and so all this movement I visualize this and I have this and
what we are going to do is
follow this movement little by little, exaggerate it, you just have to
put your hands and let it happen
the primary respiration I will guide you
At the same time, it will be a reintegration of your vascular system and at the same time,
it will be the protection of your zone B, if you like, amniotic cavity,
and which is still there, but in another form.
So, the devolutive movement of the lungs, it starts from the endoderm, and in fact, it will make a movement
like this.
But it is still oriented by the vascular system too, don't forget.
So, in fact, the consciousness...
of the umbilical pedicle, it must return
in this space. Because it's
like this that you see, that
I have the strength of the amniotic cavity
that grows,
but which at the same time has the process
of cephalization, cardinalization,
hepatization, and then
I have all the return like this. And that's where
my vitelline vesicle, pushed by
the differential growth rate
at the lower part
compared to my allantois,
which will be taken up in the diagram and which comes to push the pedicle which is
here
to join my vitelline vesicle to later form the umbilical cord.
Everything will come together here.
We start in a certain way on its pedicle and we come back to a cord.
here
to join my vitelline vesicle to later form the umbilical cord.
umbilical.
Everything will come together here.
We start in a certain way on its pedicle and we come back to a cord.